fix: Fix broken link to Airflow docs (#397)
stackabletech/demos: docs/modules/demos/pages/airflow-scheduled-job.adoc

----

The task checks the configuration, runs a task that inserts some dummy data into a table, and then runs some tests to verify the result.
The details of the simple DBT project can be found https://github.com/stackabletech/demos/tree/main/demos/airflow-scheduled-job/dbt/dbt_test[in the demos repository{external-link-icon}^].

== Patching Airflow to stress-test DAG parsing using relevant environment variables

Make sure you are still logged in as `admin`.
The demo also created a third DAG in the ConfigMap, called `dag_factory.py`, which was not mounted to the cluster and therefore does not appear in the UI.
This DAG can be used to create a number of individual DAGs on-the-fly, thus allowing a certain degree of stress-testing of the DAG scan/register steps (the generated DAGs themselves are trivial and so this approach will not really increase the burden of DAG _parsing_).
To show these individual DAGs in the overall list (and to remove the existing ones), adjust the volumeMounts as shown below.

> The patch also sets some environment variables that can be used to change the frequency of certain operations. The descriptions can be found here: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html[https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html{external-link-icon}^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The patch also sets some environment variables that can be used to change the frequency of certain operations. The descriptions can be found in the  https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html[Airflow configuration reference{external-link-icon}^].
```
